Name: Connor Morrison
NSID: tvi340
Student Number: 11374770
Course Number: CMPT 145
Laboratory Section: L02


1. (2 marks)
How confident are you that your program is correct?
I am confident that the program works as intended. In working through the implementation process, I continually tested function outputs to the algorithms were performing optimally.

What is the basis for your confidence?
As mentioned, I continually tested each function to ensure proper output. I also tested all test scripts to ensure the program as a whole was working as intended.

How likely do you think it is that your program might be incorrect in a way you do not currently recognize?
I don't believe it to be incorrect, in the design process, I wanted functions to be separated into single tasks to make understand what each component of the program did.


2. (2 marks)
How much time did you spend writing your program?
I began thinking about the program on Tuesday/Wednesday, with a relatively small implementation in my first commit on Thursday. I spent most of Friday-early Sunday working on the code writing progress.

Did it take longer or shorter than you expected?
It took longer than expected, and since I have weekly assessments in all of my other courses, I will be starting my future CMPT assignments much earlier.

Which part of this task took the longest?
The highest level abstraction (ie. pseudocode and function planning) took the quickest time, with exact function implementation taking the longest.


3. (2 marks)
Consider how often you were interrupted, distracted, delayed during your work for Question 2.
There were several times that I became distracted, particularly as I began working late into the night, I noticed my ability to remain focused on the task on hand declined as I started to check my phone, social media, etc.

Do you think these factors substantially increased the time you needed?
A bit yes, I think they dragged the process out. I think if I had dedicated periods of time-blocking to work, the development process could have been faster.

If so, what kinds of steps can you take to prevent these factors?
As I mentioned, I will dedicate periods to work on future assignments, away from my phone and other distractions.