Name: Connor Morrison
NSID: tvi340
Student Number: 11374770
Course Number: CMPT 145
Laboratory Section: L02


1. (2 marks)
How confident are you that your program is correct?
I am fairly confident that the program is correct. I tested all available test scripts to ensure the output was correct.

What is the basis for your confidence?
As mentioned, I tested all test scripts and compared their output to the provided "question 4 solutions" to ensure proper output.

How likely do you think it is that your program might be incorrect in a way you do not currently recognize?
I completed my prior computer science course at the University of Alberta, and design and abstraction were emphasized. If there are incorrect areas, I suspect it might be in how the overall program is structured, as opposed to its output.


2. (2 marks)
How much time did you spend writing your program?
I spent roughly late Friday to Sunday implementing my code. I spent the week thinking about and working through the solution.

Did it take longer or shorter than you expected?
Longer than expected. As mentioned, I will be starting my future assignments earlier and learning better strategies to manage the completion of my CMPT assignments and assessments from other courses.

Which part of this task took the longest?
Individual function design and error correcting took the longest part. My initial algorithm did not produce the correct rotation output exactly, so I had to revisit my solution and make adjustments.


3. (2 marks)
Consider how often you were interrupted, distracted, delayed during your work for Question 4.
As mentioned in the previous reflection, there were several times I got distracted by my phone and social media. I also found I lost my ability to remain focused when working on my assignment late at night.

Do you think these factors affected substantially increased the time you needed?
Yes, I think it somewhat impacted how quickly I was able to finish the assignment. I found that my productivity decreased the longer I spent sitting down.

If so, what kinds of steps can you take to prevent these factors?
In the future, I will take breaks when necessary to remain concentrated and productive, instead of merely staring at my screen and not getting work done.